Um, why don't we just discuss the business proposal?
Kendall, on behalf of DS Global CEO, I'd like to propose a collaboration on your upcoming hotel venture.
We believe our resources and expertise could greatly benefit the project.
I appreciate the offer, Jane, but I'm afraid I must decline.
The hotel was a gift from my late father to my mother.
It's a personal thing, not a business opportunity.
I had a feeling you'd say that, before you make your final decision.
It looks like Mr. Corbin really knows how to have fun.
You wouldn't want such a scandal to ruin your company's reputation, would you?
Reconsider our offer and you can ensure the secret stays under wraps.